OSDOCS-17171-4:CQA 2.0-Security-Certificates-Attachment5 (#115151)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/customize-certificates-understanding-default-router.adoc

[id="understanding-default-ingress_{context}"]
= Understanding the default ingress certificate

[role="_abstract"]

> The default ingress certificate in {product-title} is a wildcard certificate that the Ingress Operator issues from an internal CA for the web console, CLI, and applications under the `.apps` subdomain. You can replace it with a certificate from a public CA so that external clients connect securely to your applications.

Reviewer: I'm not sure the first sentence needs to be in the short desc.

```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can replace the default ingress certificate with a certificate from a public CA so that external clients connect securely to your applications.

The default ingress certificate in {product-title} is a wildcard certificate that the Ingress Operator issues from an internal CA for the web console, CLI, and applications under the `.apps` subdomain. 
```
